refactor: update snippets/embedded example comments in material docs md to reflect new API (autocomplete, datepicker, and menu) (#19283)
angular/components: src/material/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

### Simple autocomplete

Start by creating the autocomplete panel and the options displayed inside it. Each option should be
defined by a `mat-option` tag. Set each option's value property to whatever you'd like the value

> of the text input to be upon that option's selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the text input to be when that option is selected.
```
Optional revision.

<!-- example({"example":"autocomplete-simple",
              "file":"autocomplete-simple-example.html", 
              "lines":[8, 13]}) -->

> Next, create the input and set the matAutocomplete input to refer to the template reference we put on the autocomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create the input and set the `matAutocomplete` input to refer to the template reference we assigned to the autocomplete.
```

Let's assume you're using the `formControl` directive from `ReactiveFormsModule` to track the value of the input.

> Note: It is possible to use template-driven forms instead, if you prefer. We use reactive forms
in this example because it makes subscribing to changes in the input's value easy. For this
example, be sure to import `ReactiveFormsModule` from `@angular/forms` into your `NgModule`.
If you are unfamiliar with using reactive forms, you can read more about the subject in the
[Angular documentation](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms).

<!-- example({"example":"autocomplete-simple",
              "file":"autocomplete-simple-example.html", 
              "lines":[2, 8]}) -->

> Now we'll need to link the text input to its panel. We can do this by exporting the autocomplete

Reviewer 2: I think you can just remove this last step, now that you covered it above
